release 1.17.0 (#2245)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/blog/releases/1.17.0.md

---
title: "1.17.0 - Kubernetes 1.20, deprecated required/preferred, add sync property to FleetAutoScaler"
linkTitle: "1.17.0"
date: "2021-08-31"
---

> This is the 1.17.0 release of Agones.

Reviewer: WDYT about adding some text here about the advanced allocation stuff mark has been doing?

> This release brings us support for Kubernetes 1.20, so if you are testing this release candidate, remember to upgrade your clusters.

Reviewer: nit: Should be "installing this release" instead of "testing this release candidate" since this is the final release.

> Starting from this release, required and preferred are deprecated in GameServerAllocation Specification, please use selectors for future allocation match labels. 

Reviewer: nit: I think it would look better to surround required, preferred, and selectors with back-ticks so that they stand out from the text.

---
title: "1.17.0 - Kubernetes 1.20, deprecated required/preferred, add sync property to FleetAutoScaler"
linkTitle: "1.17.0"
date: "2021-08-31"
---

This is the 1.17.0 release of Agones.

This release brings us support for Kubernetes 1.20, so if you are installing this release, remember to upgrade your clusters.

Starting from this release, `required` and `preferred` are deprecated in GameServerAllocation Specification, please use `selectors` for future allocation match labels. 

> Add a new property sync to FleetAutoScaler for supporting custom sync interval.
> 
> Enable allocating based on GameServer Player Capacity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New functionality highlights in this release include:

* Added a new property to Fleet Autoscaler for supporting custom sync interval (alpha).
* Advanced allocation filters, including player capacity and game server state (alpha).
```

Just a suggestion.

Author: Done!
